I can get a... I can get a comment, but I don't know if it's true.
Are we changing it, sir?
I thought we took a left.
I don't know if it's right.
We couldn't explain it.
That's right, number two.
Yeah, that's right.
What do you mean, sir?
I don't know if it's not a number two.
I've never seen it at all.
I don't know how to do it.
Thank you.
We definitely did like it.
We came down the street.
I definitely did like it.
You know where that black?
Straight up there, huh?
It's not far from there, is it?
Yeah, it does drive from there, huh?
You see the shops there.
No, I'm right at the gate now.
So we came down here.
They don't come much harder.
It didn't help me at all.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm speaking?
Well, I get it.
I get it.
It doesn't matter where to move on.
I get the trip to home.
I get to tell them to get in a phone call.
And I get to grab them and see them.
But I hope you get these very good pictures, yeah?
Yeah.
Say that again?
That's a normal picture.
That's right.
Thank you very much.
... ... ... ... ...
Thank you.
Let's see.
There's a lot of what they say.
That's something they use for it, and they need to take it.
I think it's original.
I want you to get to the right to know the first potential of that.
What's that actually on me?
You know, when you enroll from the outside, you know, we're going to be able to have Captain Buck.
That's true.
Heck, that's right.
That's right.
What is that?
That's good.
It's very early, by the way.
Like 20 minutes early.
Highgate.
I was afraid you could go in the wrong way.
I thought you could go in the wrong way.
Hemp said it's only two kilometers this way, so we're probably pretty close.
Do you know what people have called the Flack?
Do you know what that is?
Flack.
The Flack.
Yeah.
If you go down there.
Go on this one, yeah.
The next street down.
The next street down, point two.
You go left.
Can I close?
First corner, right street down.
First corner.
Thank you.
You're right, you can go to the first corner and take a left.
Here?
Yeah.
I was in every age of waiting if you'd ever seen that place.
Turn me around.
I remember...
I don't know what it's coming like.
Okay, let's be sure which left, which is clear and which left it was.
I think it's a different one.
It's a little more of the front, front of the back here.
Yeah.
And then you come across, to the right of you there'll be a sort of big piece.
You go past that and it'll be on your left when you get to the place.
Oh yeah, thank you so much.
Let's take it out.
Let's go.
That's why I can walk here in front of you.
Oh!
A flask.
That's a good one.
I'm just going to go ahead and schedule it with Mr. Kuhn.
Thank you.